you
alright well it's pretty windy out today
my little weather app shows it's like 25
mile an hour winds or 35 mile our guests
I figured it'd be a good day to test out
some high wind fighting of the for the
200 QX so let's see how she does in the
wind I'll be flying in high angle
stability mode one hundred percent rates
it's like Gus coming in here not too bad
at all right now this thing can fight
win like crazy so I don't expect much
problems
so far it's not even having any effect
whatsoever
out here or in the open up high
that's hands off the right stick right
now just getting pushed a little bit
plated no problem kind of weird current
I can't even really tell I think the
wind is coming from my back right now
very gusty coming and going and was not
having much effect at all on the claws
here comes a guest fly into it there's a
pretty good gust no problem at all for
the two of us there we go I'm just
barely giving input on the right stick
and it can fly into that no problem so
this thing is a win fighting beast no
doubt about it
I just absolutely love flying this thing
holy cow
I mean what if you can't see the trees
you wouldn't even be able to tell it's
windy at all it's barely doing anything
to the quad flying just like it did on a
calm day
comes another gust
sometimes it's coming from one direction
the other time is coming from another
direction I'm in a weird kind of current
here
absolutely no problem
oh my gosh this thing's so fun to fly
this is ridiculous
so stable and smooth
yeah another gust
not quite as windy as it was out when I
did my alias hi Wayne test that was like
tornado weather but it's still pretty
windy and it is having just little to no
effect on the quad get up a little
higher than that okay i am just barely
moving the stick past center to fight
the lid
no problem I'll
oh my gosh this thing flies so well
can't get over it probably put six
battery runs through it so far so it's
still kind of getting a feel for it it
just does what it tells you what you
told to do alright well there's my
battery warning alright well that's that
that's the blade 200 QX high wind test
maybe 25 mile an hour gusts and it
handled it no problem at all alright
well thanks for watching please
subscribe if you aren't already and i'll
have plenty more videos of this thing
coming in the future
you